rediscover
Ok you say
Do you know Long Jiao Yufei from Lu Xuanqian's company group?
Lu Xuan casually lent him 5 million
Then take out 5 million
You said that Lu Xuan's identity was lent to Jiao Yufei 5 million
Sun Qian, are you crazy?
Do you believe this clumsy scam?
Are you crazy about being a patron?
Is Sun Qian going to laugh at us to death?
Laugh at you
Okay, I'm in life, the society is more exciting
Lu Xuan spent 20 years buying long legs for Jiang Yunfei
Your so-called royal master
Nothing in front of Lu Xuan
Flower 2 billion buy Chang'e drama
You made up such outrageous words yourself
Or when did I tell you?
Xuan Xuan, let's go, don't cry
Xuan can't just go like this
I have to go out of rhythm for you
So he knows what he's missing
Don't believe it?
OK, we can go.
Brag about it, don't you believe it?
And 2 billion if he can get it out
Will be a cowboy
What's there to despise for renting a wall boy?
Just this bag if he can afford it
I can kneel down and call him father.
Dad, I just went LIVE and you didn't see it
How much is the bag?
Thank you, Brother Fei, for wasting it.
You know that Brother Fei just asked the director
How much is the value of the wrapped bag?
20,000 a fee that can't even pay the rent
I can afford it, put my face up for me to see
Then it's not my fault.
Designate Sun Jian as your target
Today I will not only slap my face, but also pluck wool Sun Jian
Go choose